README.md, before:

## IntelLucy
IntelLucy is an open source driver for the Intel X500 family of 10GBit Ethernet controllers.

For support requests please refer to IntelLucy's project homepage at insanelymac.com
https://www.insanelymac.com/forum/topic/359009-intellucy-for-the-intel-x500-family/

**Key Features of the Driver**
- Supports Intel X520, X540, X550 and 82598 Ethernet adapters.
- Support for multisegment packets relieving the network stack of unnecessary copy operations when assembling packets for transmission.
- No-copy receive and transmit. Only small packets are copied on reception because creating a copy is more efficient than allocating a new buffer.
- TCP segmentation offload with IPv4 and IPv6.
- Support for TCP/IPv4, UDP/IPv4, TCP/IPv6, UDP/IPv6 and IPv4 checksum offload.
- Large Receive Offload: TCP/IPv4 packet streams are identified by the NIC and reassembled to large packets for handover to the network stack eliminating the overhead of packet header processing.
- Supports jumbo frames up to 9000 bytes (strongly recommended for 10 GBit/s operation).
- Designed to work with High Sierra and above.
- Supports Wake on LAN.
- Supports hardware VLAN tagging.
- Support for Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE) is planned for future releases.
- Compatible with AppleVTD but also works without.
- No need for hardware modifications anymore (used to be required for SmalltreeIntel8259x.kext). 
- The driver is published under GPLv2.
 
**Current Status**
- The driver has been successfully tested with Catalina, Monterey, Ventura and Sonoma.
- Performance is better than com.apple.DriverKit-AppleEthernetIXGBE.
- X520 adapters have been successfully tested with passive DAC cables, 10GBase-SR and 1000Base-T SFP+ modules. SFP+ modules with 10GBase-T ports are unsupported by X520 adapters as they exceed the power limits of the SFP+ slots.
- Support for X540 adapters have has been improved and tested in version 1.0.3. Both ports are working simultaneously.
- Manual medium slecetion has been fixed for X540 and X550 in version 1.0.4.
- VLAN support has been fixed and tested in version 1.0.0.
- Wake on LAN has been fixed and confirmed to work in version 1.0.4.

**Tested Configurations**
- X520-DA1 with the following media:
  - Passive DAC cable: working
  - 10GBase-SR SFP+ modules: working
  - 1000Base-T SFP modules: working
- X540-TA1: working
- X540-TA2: both ports working
- X550-T1: working
 
**Known Issues**
- Please keep in mind that X520 adapters don't support 10GBase-T SFP+ modules because the module's power requirement (approximately 3W) exceeds the adapter's limits. Installing a 10GBase-T SFP+ module in a X520 adapter anyway may damage the device.
- Manual medium selection is working on X540 and X550 since version 1.0.4.
- Try to avoid media with flow control enabled as it might cause repeated connection drops due to transmitter hangs and serious performance issues.
- For WoL to work you need 4 things:
  - An adapter which supports WoL (only a few X520 adapters support WoL).
  - A mainboard which supports WoL from an add-in card.
  - WoL must be enabled in the UEFI setup.
  - Proper ACPI tables for MacOS to support wakeup.
    
**Installation**
- Use OpenCore to inject the driver:
![image](https://github.com/Mieze/IntelLucy/assets/4229650/247aec7d-200b-450f-b745-fb84b0de273f)

Commit message:

Update README.md with section about AppleVTD

README.md, after:

## IntelLucy
IntelLucy is an open source driver for the Intel X500 family of 10GBit Ethernet controllers.

For support requests please refer to IntelLucy's project homepage at insanelymac.com
https://www.insanelymac.com/forum/topic/359009-intellucy-for-the-intel-x500-family/

**Key Features of the Driver**
- Supports Intel X520, X540, X550 and 82598 Ethernet adapters.
- Support for multisegment packets relieving the network stack of unnecessary copy operations when assembling packets for transmission.
- No-copy receive and transmit. Only small packets are copied on reception because creating a copy is more efficient than allocating a new buffer.
- TCP segmentation offload with IPv4 and IPv6.
- Support for TCP/IPv4, UDP/IPv4, TCP/IPv6, UDP/IPv6 and IPv4 checksum offload.
- Large Receive Offload: TCP/IPv4 packet streams are identified by the NIC and reassembled to large packets for handover to the network stack eliminating the overhead of packet header processing.
- Supports jumbo frames up to 9000 bytes (strongly recommended for 10 GBit/s operation).
- Designed to work with High Sierra and above.
- Supports Wake on LAN.
- Supports hardware VLAN tagging.
- Support for Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE) is planned for future releases.
- Compatible with AppleVTD but also works without.
- No need for hardware modifications anymore (used to be required for SmalltreeIntel8259x.kext). 
- The driver is published under GPLv2.
 
**Current Status**
- The driver has been successfully tested with Catalina, Monterey, Ventura and Sonoma.
- Performance is better than com.apple.DriverKit-AppleEthernetIXGBE.
- X520 adapters have been successfully tested with passive DAC cables, 10GBase-SR and 1000Base-T SFP+ modules. SFP+ modules with 10GBase-T ports are unsupported by X520 adapters as they exceed the power limits of the SFP+ slots.
- Support for X540 adapters have has been improved and tested in version 1.0.3. Both ports are working simultaneously.
- Manual medium slecetion has been fixed for X540 and X550 in version 1.0.4.
- VLAN support has been fixed and tested in version 1.0.0.
- Wake on LAN has been fixed and confirmed to work in version 1.0.4.

**Tested Configurations**
- X520-DA1 with the following media:
  - Passive DAC cable: working
  - 10GBase-SR SFP+ modules: working
  - 1000Base-T SFP modules: working
- X540-TA1: working
- X540-TA2: both ports working
- X550-T1: working

**A word on AppleVTD**

Although IntelLucy supports AppleVTD, there is no guarantee that your mainboard also does. In case you are unsure if you need AppleVTD, leave it disabled and you'll be on the safe side. When you enable AppleVTD and experience one of the following issues, it's most likely that your board doesn't support AppleVTD:

- Kernel Panics.
- The machine suddenly reboots, freezes and/or the fans speed up.
- No network connection at all.
- The link status keeps going up and down.
- Very low connection throughput.

**What can you do to resolve the issue?**
- Check your board's DMAR table and see if there are any reserved memory regions in it.
- If there are reserved memory regions, you might want to patch your DMAR removing these regions. If it resolves the issue, congratulations! Be careful, because the board's manufacturer did add these regions with intention. Removing them may produce unexpected results too, like the problems described above.
- Otherwise you have to keep AppleVTD disabled, because it is incompatible with your board and there is no way to make it compatible.

**Known Issues**
- Please keep in mind that X520 adapters don't support 10GBase-T SFP+ modules because the module's power requirement (approximately 3W) exceeds the adapter's limits. Installing a 10GBase-T SFP+ module in a X520 adapter anyway may damage the device.
- Manual medium selection is working on X540 and X550 since version 1.0.4.
- Try to avoid media with flow control enabled as it might cause repeated connection drops due to transmitter hangs and serious performance issues.
- For WoL to work you need 4 things:
  - An adapter which supports WoL (only a few X520 adapters support WoL).
  - A mainboard which supports WoL from an add-in card.
  - WoL must be enabled in the UEFI setup.
  - Proper ACPI tables for MacOS to support wakeup.
    
**Installation**
- Use OpenCore to inject the driver:
![image](https://github.com/Mieze/IntelLucy/assets/4229650/247aec7d-200b-450f-b745-fb84b0de273f)
